ContentArea support #144 (#161)
github/actionview-component: README.md

`app/components/test_component.rb`:
```ruby
class TestComponent < ActionView::Component::Base

>   validates :body, :title, presence: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validates :content, :title, presence: true
```

`ActiveModel::ValidationError: Validation failed: Title can't be blank`

> #### Content Areas

Reviewer: 👏 thanks for the thorough docs! I'm starting to wonder if we might want to explore other avenues besides the README for documentation. What do you think?

Author: Yeah I think we need some more pages. I'd focus the Readme on simple usage. Detailed examples for ContentAreas and Motivation and design docs in their own pages? Feels like a separate PR.

Reviewer: Agreed. Just wanted to know what you thought ❤️

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A component can declare additional content areas to be rendered in the component. For example:

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :user, :header, :body, presence: true

  with_content_areas :header, :body

  def initialize(user:)
    @user = user
  end
end
```

`app/components/modal_component.html.erb`:
```erb
<div class="modal">
  <div class="header"><%= header %></div>
  <div class="body"><%= body %>"></div>
</div>
```

We can render it in a view as:

```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent, user: {name: 'Jane'}) do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent, user: {name: 'Jane'}) do |component| %>
```

  <% component.with(:header) do %>
      Hello <%= user[:name] %>
    <% end %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

Which returns:

```html
<div class="modal">
  <div class="header">Hello Jane</div>
  <div class="body"><p>Have a great day.</p></div>
</div>
```

Content for content areas can be passed as arguments to the render method or as named blocks passed to the `with` method.

> The allows a few different combinations of ways to render the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The allows a few different combinations of ways to render the component:
```

Reviewer 2: Should it be
```suggestion
This allows a few different combinations of ways to render the component:
```
?

> ##### Required Render argument optionally overridden or wrapped by a named block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Required render argument optionally overridden or wrapped by a named block
```

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :header, :body, presence: true

  with_content_areas :header, :body

  def initialize(header:)
    @header = header
  end
end
```

```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>
```

  <% help_enabled? && component.with(:header) do %>
    <span class="help_icon"><%= component.header %></span>
  <% end %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

##### Required argument passed by render argument or by named block

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :header, :body, presence: true

  with_content_areas :header, :body

  def initialize(header: nil)
    @header = header
  end
end
```

`app/views/render_arg.html.erb`:
```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>
```

  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

`app/views/with_block.html.erb`:
```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent) do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent) do |component| %>
```

  <% component.with(:header) do %>
    <span class="help_icon">Hello</span> 
  <% end %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

> ##### Optional argument passed by render argument or by named block or neither

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Optional argument passed by render argument, by named block, or neither
```

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :body, presence: true

  with_content_areas :header, :body

  def initialize(header: nil)
    @header = header
  end
end
```

`app/components/modal_component.html.erb`:
```erb
<div class="modal">
  <% if header %>
    <div class="header"><%= header %></div>
  <% end %>
  <div class="body"><%= body %>"></div>
</div>
```

`app/views/render_arg.html.erb`:
```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent, header: "Hi!") do |component| %>
```

  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

`app/views/with_block.html.erb`:
```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent) do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent) do |component| %>
```

  <% component.with(:header) do %>
    <span class="help_icon">Hello</span> 
  <% end %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

`app/views/no_header.html.erb`:
```erb

> <%= render(TestComponent) do |component| %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<%= render(ModalComponent) do |component| %>
```

`ActiveModel::ValidationError: Validation failed: Title can't be blank`

#### Content Areas

> A component can be configured to have multiple 'content areas' which can be captured and later rendered in the components view. For example:

Reviewer 3: Nit:

```suggestion
A component can be configured to have multiple 'content areas' which can be captured and later rendered in the component's view. For example:
```

> A component can be configured to have multiple 'content areas' which can be captured and later rendered in the component's view. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component can declare additional content areas to be rendered in the component. For example:
```

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :user, :header, :body, presence: true

>   with_content_areas :header

Reviewer: Do we want to use `body` or the built-in `content` in this example? I'd probably lean towards `body`:

```suggestion
  with_content_areas :header, :body
```

  def initialize(user:)
    @user = user
  end
end
```

`app/components/modal_component.html.erb`:
```erb
<div class="modal">
  <div class="header"><%= header %></div>
  <div class="body"><%= body %>"></div>
</div>
```

We can render it in a view as:

```erb
<%= render(TestComponent, user: {name: 'Jane'}) do |component| %>

>   <% component.with(:body) do %>

Reviewer 3: Is this a typo?

```suggestion
  <% component.with(:header) do %>
```

>   <% component.with(:body) do %>

Author: Nice catch. Fixed

>       Hello <%= user[:name] %>

Reviewer: Wouldn't this need to be `@user`?

```suggestion
      Hello <%= @user[:name] %>
```

Author: No this is valid. All the methods on the components are in scope

    <% end %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>
    <p>Have a great day.</p>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

Which returns:

```html
<div class="modal">
  <div class="header">Hello Jane</div>
  <div class="body"><p>Have a great day.</p></div>
</div>
```

> Content for areas can be either as arguments to the render method or as the content of the block passed to the `with` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content for content areas can be passed as arguments to the render method or as named blocks passed to the `with` method.
```

Can you provide an example of this same demo component being rendered via the render args?

More broadly, I wonder if we should support content areas via render args at this point. Perhaps we could stick to just the `with` route for now?

Author: Sure I can provide the example. I think it's nice to be able to provide both. It 'just works' in that we don't have to do anything. If the Component has constructor args with the same name as content_areas then either version works. It will be clearer with an example.

`ActiveModel::ValidationError: Validation failed: Title can't be blank`

#### Content Areas

A component can be configured to have multiple 'content areas' which can be captured and later rendered in the components view. For example:

`app/components/modal_component.rb`:
```ruby
class ModalComponent < ActionView::Component::Base
  validates :header, :body, presence: true

  set_content_areas :header

  def initialize(header: nil, body: nil)
    @header = header
    @body = body
  end
end
```

`app/components/modal_component.html.erb`:
```erb
<div class="modal">
  <div class="header"><%= header %></div>
  <div class="body"><%= body %>"></div>
</div>
```

We can render it in a view as:

```erb
<%= render(TestComponent, header: "Hello Modal") do |component| %>
  <% component.with(:body) do %>

>     <p>Have a great day %>.</p>

Reviewer 4: Isn't there an orphaned `%>` tag here?
